To Do for popup

ZLT77670DC8B the coupon for 17% off anything in the store and free shipping for any order over 250 act now while the savings are still here.﻿

The risk free trial is way too good to be true, 30 day money back guarantee! ﻿

Today was a great day. I spent it with loved ones and worked. I love my job and my family. I am truly blessed to be alive today.
I feel today...and I am greatful for Gods gifts. I can't express the amount of gratitude I have for my life. ﻿

The most efficient way to sell you services to a local or nationwide company I have found is to use a good formula that paints a picture in the clients mind. Allowing them to fill in the ROI blanks. Generally I give potential ROI however lead the conversation to a way where their own knowledge of the Internet can expand the possible opportunities of growth. By allowing the customer to relevant knowledge to imagine the power of possibility and leave the actual results to their imagination you can create a potential sale in their mind instead of mine.



I try to always let them sell there self’s.


pull out html email and put it a template
include template in test html email and include_popup / GMsignup

put in delay as a jquery thing no timeout
put in easing

create GMoptout

test include_popup
iframe
in body - no

add save and restore of popupsettings links

if duplicate wait and close file
check special characters in popupsetting and email

put the shim or modernizer into include_popup

jtable prevent delete

different packaging of popup and how to set it up

iframe
at the top

two sections of php includes for header and "body"

object not found in IE 8

requirements doc
upload files to web site
familairity and capabiltiy to edit text, php, html and other files
prograaming skills not reguired
PHP 5.26 of later  5.3 recommended and php mail configured (see Send a Regualar text email
PHP support of php
mysql ( we can acomodate different DB please contact us )
abiltiy to add tables to a database (optional add databse) and at leaset select a username with read wrtie and delete access to Database (or create user)

at least one of FTP, SSH, Cpanel or equivalent access

wordpress plugin in development
integration into zend, codeigniter and other frameworks available

optional professional install available



